RHDEVDOCS 6104 support for StepActions (#79033)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-bundle.adoc

// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-bundles-specify_{context}"]

> = Specifying a remote pipeline, task, or step action using the bundles resolver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Specifying a remote pipeline, task, or StepAction using the bundles resolver
```

Author: The style guide does not permit us to use StepAction as a standalone noun. It can be a StepAction definition, StepAction resource, and so on, but when it's a standalone thing, it's "step action".

  - name: sample-task-parameter
    value: test
----

The following example task includes a step that references a `StepAction` definition from a Tekton bundle:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer 2: It seems a bit non-standard to have big chunks of content detached from the list after the `.Procedure`. There are a handful of examples in the PR of other procedures like this, too, but I'll only mention here.

I think I would have expected this to just be appended to the previous step with `+`s as fuller examples, or broken off into an "Examples" subsection of this procedure module.
